# Branding
## Basic description of the service performed by Basak Beykoz

Basak Beykoz offers a service that is meant to connects her clients
with their own true nature. It's all about her clients realizing their 
own potential and capabilities, and using these to either overcome their
challenges and/or leap towards things that they set as personal goals.

The nature of the life coaching service puts the client at the driver
seat while Basak Beykoz joins the client as the co-pilot. Basak's work
can be better described as being a mirror that only reflects things
about the client that would help them to grow or reach their goals. She
does misrepresent her client's nature to themselves, but rather helps 
them to notice dysfunctional and/or detrimental aspects of their 
thinking, and nudges them to rethink their past traumas and
long-set and forgotten opinions on ideas that may require some revision
by the client.

## Unique Qualities of Basak Beykoz

Basak Beykoz has worked in corporate environments throughout her adult
life, entering various fields such as news media publishing <others >. 
She is by nature an experience driven person who is no stranger to the
finer things and places in life. And having also faced many hardships,
both in her professional and personal life, Basak has no issues relating
to the emotional states, ambitions, and reservations of her clients.

Beyond her training, she also has a very mature and charming way of 
connecting with her clients. This helps her to gain trust and create
traction swiftly, allowing their clients to focus on their journey
rather than worrying about conveying themselves.

## the Basak Beykoz brand

The Basak Beykoz brand helps structure their client's thinking in the 
way they want. This can help everyone but it would essentially be a 
impactful message for conscientious people, which may be a bigger 
segment of the corporate clientele.

--- new business --

The Basak Beykoz brand is about discovering and enhancing the colors
that the client already possesses. The idea here is that Basak Beykoz 
does not paint you with new colors, she helps you rediscover the colors
you already had, the client that finishes the coaching programs leaves
as **becoming their true selves**, not someone else. 

The Basak Beykoz brand is about finding inner peace and a new eye for
appreciating the things you have in you and around you. It's about 
seeing beauty, living with inner peace that ads associate with exotic 
holiday destinations

The Basak Beykoz brand is about discovering that you already possess the
strength to face the challenges in life. 

The Basak Beykoz brand is about making the client a brand, it's about 
the client re-branding themselves in their own image, 

### Key descriptors
- Your colors
- Structure
- Real you
- Finding inner peace
- The strength you always had